what do you see nurse
what do you see nurse what do you see
what are you thinking when you look at
me a crabby old woman not very wise
uncertain of habit with far away eyes
who dribbles her food and makes not
reply when you say in a loud voice I do
wish you try who seems not to notice the
things that you do and forever is losing
a stocking or shoe who unresisting or
not let you do as you will with bathing
and feeding the long day to film is that
what you're thinking is that what you
see then open your eyes you're not
looking at me I'll tell you who I am as
I sit here so still as I move at your
bidding as I eat at your will I am a
small child of ten with a father and
mother brothers and sisters who love one
another a bride soon at twenty my heart
gives a leap remembering the vows I
promise to keep at twenty five now I
have young of my own who needs me to
build a secure happy home a woman of
thirty my young grow fast bound to each
other with ties that should last at
forty my young now soon will be gone but
my man stays beside me to see I don't
mourn at fifty once more babies play
around my knee again we know children my
loved one and me dark days are upon me
my husband is dead I look at the future
I shuddered with dread for my young are
all busy rearing young of their own and
I think of the years and the love I have
known I'm an old lady now and nature is
cruel it sir just to make old age look
like a fool
the body a crumbled Grayson vigor depart
and now there is a stone where I once
had a heart but inside this old carcass
a young girl still dwells and now and
again my battered heart swells I
remember the joys I remember the pain
and I'm loving and living life over
again I think of the years all too few
gone so fast and accept the stark fact
that nothing can last so open your eyes
nurse open and see not a crabby old
woman look closer
see me